feat: ComAux ability to clear receiving buffer (#86)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/whats_new/version_ongoing.rst

Version ongoing
---------------

Communication Auxiliary
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Communication auxiliary now offer the possibility to clear old message
> from the receiving buffer, before getting new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Communication auxiliary now offers the possibility to clear old messages
from the receiving buffer, before receiving new ones.
```

Agnostic CCSocketCan
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Incompatibilities with the agnostic proxy are now resolved. You should be able to use it again.

> Proxy Auxiliary adaption

Reviewer 2: Merging conflicts where not fixed correctly. All this section was reworked and put at l.18 to 30

refactor code of the proxy auxiliary to fit with the brand new double threaded
auxiliary interface.
Add useful decorators for common behaviors open_connector, close_connector, flash_target.

CCProxy channel adaption
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Add thread-safe callback subscription mechanism to fit with the brand new
double threaded auxiliary interface

Communication Auxiliary adaption
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
refactor code of the communication auxiliary to fit with the brand new double
threaded auxiliary interface

DUT Auxiliary adaption
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
refactor/redesign of the device under test auxiliary to fit with the brand new double
threaded auxiliary interface

Record Auxiliary adaption
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
adapt the record auxiliary to fit with the brand new double threaded auxiliary interface

Acroname Auxiliary adaption
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
adapt the acroname auxiliary to fit with the brand new double threaded auxiliary interface

Instrument Auxiliary adaption
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
adapt the instrument auxiliary to fit with the brand new double threaded auxiliary interface

Communication Auxiliary
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Communication auxiliary does not record message automatically anymore,
> context manager has to be used on the send_message API of communication
> auxiliary. It will then set an event that allow recording, and clear it when
> getting out of the context manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To save on memory, the communication auxiliary does not record messages automatically anymore,
The functionality is now available with a`with comaux.collect_messages()`.
```

refactor/redesign of the device under test auxiliary to fit with the brand new double
threaded auxiliary interface

Record Auxiliary adaption
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
adapt the record auxiliary to fit with the brand new double threaded auxiliary interface

Communication Auxiliary
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Communication auxiliary now offers the possibility to clear old message

> from the receiving buffer, before getting new one.

Reviewer 2: With what?

Reviewer 2: Still applicable

RTT connector log folder creation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

RTT connector now creates a log folder if it does not exist instead of throwing an error.

Communication Auxiliary
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To save on memory, the communication auxiliary does not record messages automatically anymore,
> The functionality is now available with a`with comaux.collect_messages()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save on memory, the communication auxiliary does not collect received messages automatically anymore.
The functionality is now available with the context manager ``collect_messages``.
```

See :ref:`examples/templates/suite_com/test_com.py`

> Communication auxiliary now offers the possibility to clear queue
> to ensure a proper queue with API : :ref:`clear_buffer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The collected messages by the Communication auxiliary can still be cleared with the API method 
:py:meth`~pykiso.lib.auxiliaries.communication_auxiliary.CommunicationAuxiliary.clear_buffer`
```
